docs: add disclaimer (#963)
tinacms/tinacms: README.md

## Development

**Disclaimer**: 

> - Tina is still a quickly moving project. Since it’s pre-1.0 the core team is not guaranteeing stability in it’s APIs.

Reviewer: A slight rephrasing:
```suggestion
- Tina is a new and fast moving project. Although API stability and easy developer experience is important to the core team, they cannot be guaranteed while the project is pre-1.0.
```
